Add Axe.Windows documentation (#88)
microsoft/axe-windows: docs/Telemetry.md

and the value is the data associated with the property.
 
##### Returns
 
void

#### `void ReportException(Exception e);`

##### Parameters

###### `Exception e`

An exception representing the error.

##### Returns

void

#### `bool IsEnabled { get;  }`
 
 A boolean value indicateing if Axe.Windows should send telemetry events.
 
Even though telemetry is expected to be very efficient, this allows the internal code to avoid doing any potentially time consuming steps to package the telemetry data if it won't be published.
 
### Setting the telemetry sink

To set the object you created in the section above as the sink for Axe.Windows telemetry events, call the `SetTelemetrySink` function on the `Logger` class as follows:

`Axe.Windows.Telemetry.Logger.SetTelemetrySink(yourTelemetrySink);`

### Telemetry properties

Wehn "Scan_Statistics" is sent to `PublishEvent` as the event name, the following items are expected in the properties dictionary:

Property | Data
--- | ---
ElementsInScan | The number of UI Automation elements evaluated during the scan
UpperBoundExceeded | A boolean string indicating whether the upper bound for the number of elements allowed per scan was reached

> Wehn "SingleRule_Tested_Results" is sent to `PublishEvent` as the event name, the following items are expected in the properties dictionary:

Reviewer: Typo
```suggestion
When "SingleRule_Tested_Results" is sent to `PublishEvent` as the event name, the following items are expected in the properties dictionary:
```

<!-- Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
     Licensed under the MIT License. -->

## Telemetry

> Accessibility Insights for Windows uses telemetry to better understand what features are most helpful to users, as well as to help identify potential issues that users are experiencing.

Reviewer 2: I'm assuming we will eventually need to change references in this file from Accessibility Insights to Axe Windows?

Author: Yes, this file needs to be rewritten for Axe.Windows. It is on my list of things to do.

Author: Yes. We need to rewrite this file for Axe.Windows.

### Reporting a telemetry action

> Telemetry actions typically indicate a user-initiated action (starting the app, clicking a button, etc.). They are also used to report the result of a user action (for examplle, a user attempt to open a file failed because the file was in an unrecognized format). At this time, telemetry actions are *not* supported in extensions. The telemetry classes are defined in the `AccessibilityInsights.Desktop.Telemetry` namespace. The `Logger` class provides 2 variants of the static `Logger.PublishTelemetryEvent` method:

Reviewer: >starting the app, clicking a button, etc. [](start = 62, length = 41)

These actions make sense for AIWin, but AxeWindows has no app or button. Should we use samples that are pertinent to axe-windows?

#### Single-property action
This version reports an action with a single associated property:
```
Logger.PublishTelemetryEvent(

>     TelemetryAction.Mainwindow_Timer_Started,       // Name of action 

Reviewer: >Mainwindow_Timer_Started [](start = 20, length = 24)

Should we use an action from Axe-Windows instead of AIWin?

    TelemetryProperty.Seconds,                      // Name of property
    count.ToString(CultureInfo.InvariantCulture));  // Value of property (must be a locale-agnostic string)
```

#### Multi-property action
This version reports an action with multiple associated properties:
```

> Logger.PublishTelemetryEvent(TelemetryAction.Bug_Save, new Dictionary<TelemetryProperty, string>

Reviewer: >TelemetryAction.Bug_Save [](start = 29, length = 24)

Should we use a sample from Axe-Windows instead of AIWin?

    {
        { TelemetryProperty.RuleId, ruleId },  // values are locale-agnostic strings
        { TelemetryProperty.Url, url},
    });
```

The `TelemetryAction` and `TelemetryProperty` enumerations can be extended to add new actions or properties.

> #### Context Properties

Reviewer: >Context Properties [](start = 5, length = 18)

The logger implementation of context properties isn't defined here. As such, I'd suggest putting them as a separate H3 (probably after exceptions), as opposed to an H3 inside actions. The AIWin implementation of telemetry applies context properties to both actions and exceptions

> A dedicated mechanism exists to report an `Exception` caught by the code. It is implemented as an extension method to make the code simpler to read. In non-extension code, this method is defined in the `AccessibilityInsights.Desktop.Telemetry` namespace. For extension code, this method is defined in the `AccessibilityInsights.Extensions.Helpers` namespace. Here is a typical usage where an Exception is caught, reported, then eaten:

Reviewer: This line is still in its AIWin version. It needs to be updated to remove references to extensions and to correct the namespaces:
```suggestion
A dedicated mechanism exists to report an `Exception` caught by the code. It is implemented as an extension method to make the code simpler to read. This method is defined in the `Axe.Windows.Telemetry` namespace. Here is a typical usage where an Exception is caught, reported, then eaten:
```
